# SJSU Collab

Website for SJSU students to work on software projects together!

Software engineering students are aware of how difficult it currently is to receive a job or internship interview offer, let alone pass one. That being said, the most effective way to increase the chances of being offered an interview is to have a strong resume. To have a strong resume, you need meaningful projects. These projects can be completed with the help of "SJSU Collab"(San Jose State University Collaboration). SJSU Collab will allow students to create posts looking for other students to join them on their projects, or simply ask questions for an issue they're encountering. Fellow peers will then be able to comment to express interest in joining the project or providing assistance for the problem. That being said, SJSU Collab will integrate said functionality with an up-to-date and efficient technology stack. This will consist of a Javascript/React frontend, a Java/Spring Boot backend, as well as a H2 SQL database. All code documentation will be continuously updated to GitHub as well. SJSU Collab sets itself apart from other similar websites or applications in the market, such as Reddit and Discord because this website is unique to SJSU students. The website will only provide access to users who are registered with their SJSU student email. This will also strengthen the security compared to Reddit and Discord since only students will be able to join whereas platforms like Reddit and Discord can be accessible by anyone with a link, regardless of their email. Finally, by narrowing the audience down to strictly SJSU students, users will be more likely to develop projects that appeal to companies near campus. 

Website deployed by Netlify: https://spectacular-froyo-0f8883.netlify.app/

